# cse494TeamProject
Version 1.1

For the WIP, the CSE 494 team was able to implement a few of the UI design decisions as well as a pie chart displaying some of the data present.

Changes since proposal:
The team decided that some design changes needed to be made to the current mockup of the data vis. The mockup the team made a few weeks ago didnt age well. The team decided that putting the filters on the side of the page would look nice and allow more space for visualizations. The team isnt following a new a new mockup, rather they are designing as they go and will do a final review/integration session where we will get the page to act and look exactly how we like. The team has not made any changes to the data vis techniques that we want to use in this project.

Whats been implemented:
The HTML that has been implemented contains the filters that will be used to narrow down the users search fro specific information from our dataset. The team likes all the filters being off to the side, but we don't like the way the filters are organized over there. When testing the pie chart implementation the team found that all the options were very confusing and made it hard to understand what information was being displayed in the chart. The team will redesign the webpage so that it is more obvious what filters are being applied to the chosen graph. The other thing the team implemented is a pie chart. Currently, the pie chart will display data for all the level 70 characters, the character race they're, and the amount of that race that is on at the time the WOW scan was completed. The team is happy with how much information is able to be encoded with this graph, but we still need to do work to get it to update automatically without refreshing the page. The team would also like to implement more filter functionality into the pie chart so that you can restirct the information displayed to just one race, all one level, and to display character class instead of character race.

What needs to be implemented:
There is a signifigant amount that still needs to be implemented for our data vis system. The teams current priority is completeing the functionality of the pie chart and getting it so that all the filters work and interact with it properly. After that the team the wants to implement the bar chart and its funtionalities. The functionalities we want to be able to implement with the bar chart is: the option to select which two attributes are displayed in the chart. After that the team wants to implement the line chart and its functionalities. The team thinks it would be best to implement the tooltips once all the charts have been created because the process for adding tooltips on each chart should be relativly the same. For the teams innovative view, we want to implement a 3d bar chart that can display 3 attributes. We want to do this part last since we believe it to be the most complicated part of the project and we want to make sure our project has all of the other functionalities by the time we do our presentation. The team would also like to add spome more CSS to the page to give it a better aesthetic. 